---
layout: post
title: "2023-12-04--12-10"
author: "Emma Heisig and Logan Martin"
categories: progress-update
---

# What Did We Work On?

We noticed that the rate of responses to our surveys was starting to plateau, so we took some final measures to get a wider audience. We got a [ParentSquare](https://www.parentsquare.com/) blast sent to students, and we worked with the English department head to get it sent out to all English classes in the building.

![Image of ParentSquare blast, containing the text "Hello Black Knights! These 2 surveys are part of a STUDENT-LED Capstone Engineering project here at CHS, and are meant to collect information on biking and walking needs at CHS. We are working with UVA and the City of Charlottesville to try and take this information and make real changes around the school." and a link to both surveys.](/Multi-Use-Trails/Assets/2023-12-05_ParentSquare-Blast.png)

From the data we've already collected, we are building a [LookerStudio report](https://lookerstudio.google.com/reporting/bdcd725b-0045-48fd-8a98-3136d066fc12/page/eqTjD) to visualize the data. We will make a separate post with our comments on the data trends, as well as what we've gotten as input from our customers and mentors.

# Decisions Made

- ParentSquare blast
- LookerStudio created

# New Resources Found

LookerStudio is a powerful tool used for professional purposes, so it will be useful to learn how to maximize its potential.

# Issues Discovered

Our biggest issue this week was that we hit a wall of sorts in responses to the survey, with less than 5 coming in this week. There is a good chance that we will be unable to garner much more than what we have now.

# Successful Aspects

We are up to 140 responses on the biking survey, and 130 on the walking survey, around 10% of the school. It is a fantastic number, although we would love to see more.

# Challenges Faced

So far, we have been unable to actually visit the trail during class, and have only been able to view it through satellite imagery. We are hoping to visit the trail soon, and get a better idea of what it looks like.

# Next Week's Plan

| *S*pecific                                                              | *M*easurable                               | *A*chievable | *R*elevant | *T*ime-Bound |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ------------ | ---------- | ------------ |
| Build up the LookerStudio, and get input from our mentors and customers | - At least 3 new graphs                     | Yes          | Yes        | 2023-12-16   |
|                                                                         | - Emails with all of our mentors/customers | Yes          | Yes        | 2023-12-16   |
