---
layout: post
title: "2023-11-27--12-03"
author: "Emma Heisig and Logan Martin"
categories: progress-update
---

# What Did We Work On?

We distributed the surveys to all engineering students, through putting a link on a TV in the engineering classroom. So far, have received 130 responses to the walking survey, and 140 responses to the biking survey. We are happy with the response rates, but hope to see more by sending the survey out again.

# Decisions Made

City Bike/Pedestrian coordinator Thomas Safranek is coming to CHS at 8am on January 2nd, 2024 to deploy the counters, and we will meet him there to help install and learn about the counters. We've also worked with the English department head at CHS to get it sent out again next week to all English classes/students.

# New Resources Found

- There is now a good chunk of responses, enough to start analyzing.
- There's a confirmed date for the installation of the sensors.

# Issues Discovered

We wanted more responses are sending out the survey again, this has proven effective.

# Successful Aspects

We have received more responses to our surveys, almost double than our previous update on this.

# Challenges Faced

Keeping busy has occasionally been a challenge. It's easy to just not send emails, and fall into apathy.

# Next Week's Plan

Check in with mentors to see when we can use the data collection resources. We'd also love to go to the Triangle Trail sometime soon. Also, analysis of data if need-be.

| *S*pecific                                                       | *M*easurable    | *A*chievable | *R*elevant | *T*ime-Bound |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- | ------------ | ---------- | ------------ |
| Send out the survey on ParentSquare, and through English Classes | 5 new responses | Yes          | Yes        | 2023-12-10   |
