# Points of Data

## For Walking

- 28.8% of respondents said they walk to school, 9.4% saying they don't but want to.
- Distance and time are the biggest barriers for walking.
- 54.7% said CHS would benefit from a route map, 37.7% saying CHS would not benefit from one.

- There are specific things to note about the "Is there anything else CHS or the city can do to make your walk to school easier or safer?" question:

  - "Yes, they need a walk light at the Rugby Ave @ Rose Hill Dr intersection. Its quite chaotic and comparable to all other intersections with this feature."
  - "We need a crossing [guard] for CHS especially during dismissal. I cannot say how many times I have almost gotten hit because people are speeding through and not respecting pedestrians."
  - "https://chsktr.com/6100/chs-news/student-carline-safe-or-safety-hazzard/"
  - "make a [cross-walk] down at the bottom of the [CHS] hill"
  - "...more sidewalks" (x2)

- Responding to the "Do you have any additional comments?" question, one person said the following: "We don't need to make walking better, just work extensively on public transportation in the city and all of our transit issues will be solved."

## For Biking

Total respondents: **146**

- 13.7% (20) of respondents said they bike to school, 21.9% (32) saying they can't but would like to.
- 73.3% (107) of respondents said that the school would benefit from more bike racks.

Out of the 20 who bike to school: 35% (7) bike 0-1 days a week; 30% (6) bike 2-3 days a week; and 35% (7) bike 4-5 days a week. Fairly even split.

- "[M]ake sure there are [cameras,] so the bikes [don't] get stolen"
- "The bridge that leads to the YMCA behind the school gets super slick when it rains. It would be cool to figure out an alternate paved section to get across it."
- "[W]e should make a school pump track"
- "I wish that students were allowed to enter... the C hall doors because many people including myself walked or biked from the direction of the Y. If we could do this it would cut off a quarter mile from my route."
